
[Christopher Alexander - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Alexander)
# 1. Definitions
## What is measured?
We take the Carbon Dioxide equivalent (CO<sub>2</sub>-eq) has measurement. It takes into account the collective > > > contribution of greenhouse gases (including CO<sub>2</sub>, CH<sub>4</sub>, NO<sub>2</sub>, etc.)

### LCA: Life Cycle Assessment
Building life cycle is divided following 3 stages
- Construction stage: Material production, material transportation, construction on site
- Operational stage: HVAC (heating, ventilation, air conditioning), lighting, water supply, equipment use, refurbishment. Great variability following climatic conditions, comfort requirements, operating schedules
- Demolition stage: demolition and refurbishment
### BLCCE general formula
$$ C_{tot}=C_{con}+C_{ope}+C_{dem} $$
with $C_{tot}, C_{con}, C_{ope}, C_{dem}$ respectively as total, construction, operating and demolition stages carbon emissions.
#### Sources of Data input
| Stage | required amounts for LCA | data sources |
| - | - | - |
| Construction | materials | BIM |
| - | working days | Bill of quantities |
| - | mechanical class | life cycle database |
| Operational | fuel consumption | BIM |
| - | electricity | life cycle database |
| Demolition | indexed to construction | literature review |
# 2. Estimation Methods
## Construction stage
$$C_{con}=\sum C_{sp} +\sum C_{mp}$$
$C_{con}, C_{sp}, C_{mp}$ : Carbon emission at construction stage, of sub-item project and of measure project}
$$C_{sp, mp}=\sum CC_q \times Q_q$$
$CC_q, Q_q$ : Carbon emission coefficient of quota, quantity of quota
$$CC_q=\sum CC_{md} \times Q_{md}+\sum CC_{mat} \times Q_{mat} + \sum CC_{mech} \times Q_{mech}$$
$CC_{md},CC_{mat},CC_{mech}$ : Carbon emission coefficients of man-days, material and machine class.
$Q_{md},Q_{mat},Q_{mech}$ : Amount of quota of man-days, material and machine class.
## Operation stage
Energy required for refurbishment at the operation stage usually accounts for 5% of a building life cycle energy consumption ; It's not taken into account here.
$$C_{ope}=C_{sy}\times Y$$
$C_{ope},C_{sy}, Y$  : Operation stage carbon emission, annual carbon emissions while in service and service life (generally 50 years).

$$ C_{sy}=C_e+C_f+C_{re} $$
$C_e,C_f$ : Annual carbon emissions generated by building electricity and fuel consumption. 
$C_{re}$ : Annual reduction in carbon emissions from the use of sustainable energy.
## Demolition stage
Demolition stage is estimated to produce 10% of the carbon emissions generated at the construction stage.
$$ C_{dem}=C_{con} \times 10\% $$
$C_{dem}, C_{con}$ : Carbon emissions at demolition and construction stages.
# 3. Average carbon emissions per working area per year
The average CO<sub>2</sub>-eq emissions per working area per year (kgCO<sub>2</sub>-eq/(m².y)) for the construction, operation, demolition stages and for the total life cycle can be defined by the formula below.
$$ C_{At(con,ope,dem,tot)}= \frac{C_{(con,ope,dem,tot)}}{Y \times GFA} $$
The expected durations (*Y*) for construction, operation and demolition stages are approximated to 2 years, 50 years and 0.5 years for China context.